{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Sitka Text;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs40\lang9 Life Purpose Statement:\fs28\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\par
1.) A dedicated relationship with God and Jesus Christ with knowledge, wisdom and understanding of God's word.\b0\par
Lane reads the word of god everyday, twice a day in the morning and night. He meditates on the word and walks in a virtuous way like the great prophets and men of God in the bible. He aspires to live and act like them and does not stray from the morals instilled in him by his heavenly father through Jesus Christ. He puts God before all things. He has Gods power, glory and favour on his soul and glorfies the Lord in all his ways. He is favoured and recieves blessings by the Lord, and can endure difficult circumstances because he maintains a strong level of faith and trust in God. Therefore, God trusts in him. He lives by the will of God and does not compromise on this because his relationship with God is literally the single most important thing in life and comes before all things, because all things he desires come to him through his faith and righteous and obedient conduct before his lord. \par
\b 2.) To be able to live in a position in life where money can work for me so that my time can be spent creating value in my life for myself, my family, and others through selflessness. This is to enable me to do whatever I want with my time on this earth within the realm of God's will.\par
\b0 Lane has clear financial goals in place setup which direct him to a stable path in generating wealth, which will lead him to financial freedom. He educates himself continousely to become financially intelligent and seeks the right mentorship and education on the matter of financial education. He is building a real estate portfolio and is learning about investing & creating a business. His first focus is to accumulate property to generate cashflow and then capital gains. He has professional guidance to make this a reality. He has a robust and fruitful financial mindset. \par
\b 3.) A relationship and shared vision with a beautiful wife who loves and respects me and who is virtuous and god fearing in her character.\par
\b0 Lane has a wife who has a strong relationship with god which is reflected by her actions, words, identify and character. She loves and fears god and is virtuous in her ways because of this. Lane's wife takes care of herself and makes healthy lifestyle choices. She has a secure attachement style and is comfortable with intimacy in the relationship. Lane and his wife have a shared vision within their relationship through strong spiritual values, combined with consistant love, loyalty, trust & respect to one another. \b\par
4.) An intelligent mind that consistently accumulates knowledge for self-improvement purposes which can also share that knowledge with other people.\par
\b0 Lane spends his time accumulating knowledge by completing research in his areas of interest which support his growth and prosperity in life including spiritual knowledge, data science, health and wellbeing, financial knowledge, science, music & creativity and everything else which supports his life purpose. \b\par
5. ) A general state of inner peace; a soul that doesn't need to suffer from feelings of anxiety, self-insufficiency, stress, or any other forms of emotional pain on a general basis.\par
\b0 Lane makes good lifestyle choices and has a strong relationship with the Lord and good relationships with his peers, friends and family. Due to this, he is shielded from a lot of the suffering of the world and mainains a mental state of peace which god gives him. Lane has good knowledge on the word of God and the wisdom he gains. God allows him to embrace and handle difficulties when they arise. He is comforted from the heavenly father through Jesus Christ at all times and loves God with all his heart and soul. \b\par
6.) An exceptional physique and cardiovascular health.\par
\b0 Lane trains six days per week without fail and is consistent in his dieting and exercise regiments. His body looks very muscular. Lane has an exceptional diet and eats healthy foods. He has discipline over what he consumes. He seeks professional guidance on the best workout practices through personal trainers and scientific knowledge. He takes his physical training very seriously. Lane partakes in regular long distance running including marathons, and because of this, he has an above average cardiovascular ability. He is a very fit and healthy man.\b\par
7. ) A mobile and healthy body.\par
\b0 Lane commits to stretching and mobility excercies daily and this allows him to maintain a constant state of physical mobility. He commits to this both morning and night. This enhances his wellbeing and reduces physical decline as he ages.\b\par
8.) A successful music project.\par
\b0 Lane is an amazing musician and is constantly expanding on his music project and refining his craft. His music project is well planned and he posts quality content which promotes a positive message. Lane knows how to produce music and generates melodies which are catchy, deep and emotionally driving along with lyrics which promote positive topics such as self improvement and spirituality. \b\par
9.) Friends that I can learn from who embody traits of loyalty, love, kindness, and humility.\~\par
\b0 Lane has a strong network of friends who provide value and companionship in his life. He in turn provides value to their life also in anyway he can through his purpsoeful life. He lives a life in service to his brethren. His friends trust him and are intelligent people who strive for a purposeful life just like he does. He has a community of believers who he loves and cares for and his friends embody humility and righteousness. He refrains from spending time with people who aren't on a positive trajectory in life in terms of their own self-improvement because he understands that his freindship network is a reflection of his values. Therefore, he doesn't spend time with people who aren't living a life he values. \b\par
10) Live with the glory of God in my actions, with the fruits of the Holy Spirit, to showcase God to the world through the plan God has for me, i.e., music.\par
\b0 Lane demonstrates a life dedicated to the lord through his day to day practices. He has excellent knowledge on the word of god and through this knowledge, he lives a life worthy of God's favour. He glorifies God through his music, feelings of compassion around and towards others, his general state of peace, his self-control and humility. He uses his knowledge installed in him from the Lord to teach and instruct others around him on spiritual matters. \b\par
11.) Have the mental and social skills to consistently communicate my thoughts and ideas while also understanding others in terms of their motives, thoughts, and feelings.\par
\b0 Lane continously develops his communication skills and enhances his knowledge around psychological science to broaden his understanding around how to communicate better and enhance his psychological wellbeing. This in turn allows him to understand himself better as well as others in terms of their motives, thoughts, and feelings. Because he agknowledges that communication skills are vital to his success, he invests in accumulating knowledge in this particular areas of interest in educational practices.\b\par
12.) Leave the earth with wholesome feelings through a purposeful life lived, with good works done throughout the course of life.\par
\b0 Lane embraces death and lives his life according to the will of god and his life purpose. Because he strives to live in a way that is pleasing to God and therefore lives righteously by default, he embraces his death, because by his faith he knows that this life doesn't compare to the life after. He has lived according to the assignment that God has given to him and in turn knows he has heeded God and has an abundant feeling of joy because of this. He is comforted by God all the days of his life, all the way until his death. He has provided abundantly to his family as well as people the needy through his wealth generation. His music has inspired people towards a greater path in life and he is well respected by his peers and family right up until his death. \b\par
}
 